Added security.txt (#699)
AlmaLinux/almalinux.org: static/security.txt

Reviewer: We'll want to put this file in the proper path/where it's expected as per the RFC. We could add a `301` redirect for the top level `security.txt` to redirect to the `.well-known/` one, though.

https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9116.html#name-location-of-the-securitytxt
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9116#name-canonical

Author: I know what the RFC says, benny asked for this path and it seems like it's appropriate since they approve it on the [official website](https://securitytxt.org).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/84d37293-d112-4713-8f83-5d82e0de4815)

They also link to the [8615 RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8615#appendix-B) which says at the end:

>  "Allowed non-Web well-known locations"

But I'm up for moving it to .welll-known, that's what I wanted to do in the first place.

Reviewer 2: The URL was a mistake on my part, but I'm fine with either. Maybe we move it to .well-known, and set a redirect up?

Reviewer: > I know what the RFC says, benny asked for this path and it seems like it's appropriate since they approve it on the [official website](https://securitytxt.org).
> 

The RFC clarifies that it's acceptable for legacy compatibility reasons, but you shouldn't use it if you don't need to. 

> For web-based services, organizations **MUST** place the "security.txt" file under the "/.well-known/" path, e.g., https://example.com/.well-known/security.txt as per [RFC8615] of a domain name or IP address. _For legacy compatibility, a "security.txt" file might be placed at the top-level path or redirect_

If both exist, the _well-known/_ version will supersede the one at the top level, which shows you which they prioritize.

Author: I'll change this as soon as I can.

# This file provides security vulnerability reporting information for the AlmaLinux OS project.
# Please follow the criteria below to ensure your report reaches the correct team.
Preferred-Languages: en

> # Use this contact if the issue is directly related to the AlmaLinux operating system itself.
> Contact: https://bugs.almalinux.org
> 
> # Use this contact for vulnerabilities that are associated with the AlmaLinux project or its infrastructure.
> Contact: mailto:security@almalinux.org

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Use this contact for vulnerabilities that require coordinated disclosure, no matter in which part of the project they are found. 
Contact: security@almalinux.org

# Use this contact if the issue is directly related to the AlmaLinux operating system itself but does not require coordinated disclosure.
Contact: https://bugs.almalinux.org

# For any other flaws, please report them in the repository that is associated with the part of the project in question.

```
I dunno if we can leave that last one open ended, according to the RFC. If we can't, let's just have folks email security.

Author: This would be considered a comment so I think we're good.
